| Date & Time | Wednesday 18th February 2026                      |
| ----------- | ------------------------------------------------- |
| Location    | Online (Zoom)                                     |
| Attenance   | Mark Collins (Student); Adrian Euler (Supervisor) |

# Preferred Communication

The use of the "Supervisor Channel" through the UoE portal is the preferred method of communication regarding the  formal five supervisor meetings. This provides traceability of engagement required by the University. 

Moving forward, a channel will be created for each meeting with relevant documents added for review and discussion prior to the meetings, starting with a summary of our meeting today.

# Proposed research topic
We discussed the [[Proposal]] document that had been emailed. The subject is satisfactory, and meets the requirements for a MSc project in Computing. 

# Inductive Vs Deductive research
We discussed careful consideration of Inductive and / or deductive research. Given the time constrains, it will be difficult to fully commit to an inductive research project. 

Given the main aim is to identify bottlenecks in a patient pathway, Literature can be used to establish theoretical bottlenecks, with the proposed artefact providing the observation (deductive). The dashboard (artefact) can then also be used to propose service improvements (inductive). 

Additionally, it was recommended to look at products such as Oracle EBS, and consider the scope of integration. 

# Participant involvement
A Clinical Oncologist has shown an interest in supporting this work. They have previously worked with [IQVIA](https://www.iqvia.com/) on a similar dashboard, however this was dropped by the company for internal reasons. This discussion can be logged as an informal interview. 

Further end users can be approached through interviews and questionnaires.

# Ethical approval
Ethical approval is to be submitted to the school by the supervisor. The Student will approach internal Information Governance and obtain approved DPIA to be submitted with ethical approval. 